Skipping on to the next clips here, that looks great.
This is looking a little bit dark to my eye, so I'm going to select our clip.
I'm going to add our color correction layer.
And because she's a little bit dark, the background is a little bit dark and the shadows are a little
bit dark.
So shadows are dark, mediums are dark, and the highs are whites are all dark.
I'm going to just increase the overall exposure on this one, because I can tell that overall this image
needs to be pushed up in the level of exposure, not just the shadows, not just the highlights, but
the whole image.
So I wanted to point eight.
OK, that's looking a lot better as before.
That's after.
And the reason this happens is, you know, I'm shooting on the same camera, the same lens, the same
location, but as you're shooting in an outdoor location, different times a day, clouds can mean clouds
come out.
So on projects like this in natural daylight, that's the benefits of having studio lighting.
I don't ever have to change the color correction.
But when you are shooting outdoors, keep that in mind on these kind of projects is that you're going
to want to go through and neutralize and equalize all the lighting on your clips as we're doing right
now.
OK, so as I was scrubbing through, for some reason, this shot here is looking a little bit green.
I'm not quite sure exactly what happened.
If I was doing automatic white balance as the settings on my camera, it may have changed my balance.
I know for a fact I wasn't I was shooting on manual, so it could just be the lighting.
And what we're going to do to fix that is you can see that the overall color temperature is great here.
The skin tone looks natural.
It's kind of nice and warm.
But for this one, it's a little bit green.
OK, that's a little bit green.
This looks good.
A little bit green.
So what we're going to do is grab our trusty color correction filter.
And we're to use the tint function to balance out the greens by adding a slight bit of purple.
So if I grab this and take it down, it's going to be more green if I grab and take it up.
It's going to start to get purple.
So this is a subtle thing, but we're going to try and push it up five points.
Let's try actually seven here and now we have a much more natural looking skin tone.
So that's with I'm going to make this a little bit bigger here.
That's with and that's without with without a subtle but it looks a lot more natural.
OK.
And that really goes for all of your footage, for all of your projects, if the skin tone is off,
the whole video is going to fall apart.
So if you have a great video, it looks, you know, with great cinematography and great sound, great
music and good editing.
But your skin tones are looking like this.
You know, it's not going to fly.
The skin tone really has to look like a normal human skin tone.
In real life or people are just going to pick up on it and there's going to be like something feels
really wrong and they're not going to know exactly what it is.
But now we have all of our shots nice and balanced.
Everything is looking pretty darn good.